docs: :memo: update README (#129)
seedcase-project/template-python-package: README.qmd

---
format: gfm
execute:
  echo: false
jupyter: python3
metadata-files:
  - _metadata.yml
---

# {{< meta titles.full >}}

{{< include /docs/includes/_badges.qmd >}}

This repository contains a [copier](https://copier.readthedocs.io/)
template for setting up a new repository for a Python package. Along
with a structured directory layout, this template includes configured
development tools, CI configuration, and supporting files for package

> setup, publishing, and maintenance.

Author: Bit of a word salad :green_salad:

> with a structured directory layout, this template includes configured
> development tools, CI configuration, and supporting files for package
> setup, publishing, and maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a structured directory layout, this template includes configurations
for tools that improve developer experience, has continuous integration and
delivery workflows, and supporting files for building robust Python packages.
```
